											Game Projects
1. Doodle Platformer
    Description: This game is meant to be very much similar to that of Doodle Jump. The only difference is that the game must have unique
   		    differences that set it apart from it's inspiration.
	Key Features-
2. Project Tower Defense
    Description: Like Bloons Tower Defense or that old Cool Math game which is basically a dumbed down version of BTD before BTD.
	Key Features-
3. Project Quest
     Description: As close as I can get to making my own Dragon Quest game without getting sued by them.
	Key Features-
4. Project Legend II
    Description: Zelda II, but better in so many ways. That game had quite a few progression issues that if made differently could be
  		    legendary.
	Key Features-
5. Project Pac
     Description: A cross between Pacman & Snake in both possible directions. This game is both Project PacSnake and Project SnakePac.
	Key Features-
6. Project Feeding
     Description: Almost an identical copy of Feeding Frenzy, but with a derpy looking frog and insects instead of fish.
	Key Features- Frog: Looks dope as fuck. At least the concept art does.
			  Story Mode/ Levels: Just like with Feeding Frenzy, this game needs to have procedural levels with scaling difficulty.
			  Endless Mode: Pretty well self explanatory. Eat as many bugs as you can while the level gets increasingly filled with
					    more difficult enemies and options to get a higher score.
			  Survival Mode: Different than endless, this one will not be recording your score, but will be recording your time.
					     There will never be anything that you can eat, but instead certain power ups will appear to help you
                                   not get absoulutely slaughtered by big bugs.
7. Project Castle
     Description: This game was meant to be very similar to Castlevania IV or II, but it ended up being a ball and chain...
	Key Features- A Ball in Chain :Dying_Of_Laughter_AND_Confusion: (Fuck)
8. Project Mini Metroidvania
     Description: Metroidvania games are pretty neat and honestly this is an extremely profitable and entertaining genre. These types of
                  games are also rather difficult and time consuming to make.
	Key Features- Movement: Like any good metroidvania, this game needs a wide range of options for movement around the world. Without
					this the game would feel stale and boring.
			- Weapons: Unlike the platformer, the character must have some sort of upgradable weapon that is fun to use.
			- Gimmick: Most games have a gimmick of some sort to set them apart from others. What is this game's gimmick?
9. Project Platformer Game
     Description: A Platformer game where the character can only move about the world and destroy enemies with indirect methods. That makes
                the game only a platformer with unique and fun puzzles.
	Key Features- Pacifism: I really like this idea. The character should think that he/she never does any harm because they never
			            strike an enemy or kill them directly.
			- Platforming: If the character can only interact in the world by moving around, then the character needs a grapple
					   hook and several other movement options.